Issue #1554 (#1689)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/pre-provision-accounts.md

   >[!NOTE]
   >If you are pre-provisioning OneDrive for many users, it might take up to 24 hours for the OneDrive locations to be created. If a    user's OneDrive isn't ready after 24 hours, please contact Support.
  

> # Pre-provisioning many users at one time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pre-provisioning many users at the same time
```

> The following sniped of code will preprovision Onedrive for a lot of users for bigger companies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snipped of code will pre-provision OneDrive for a number of users in bigger companies.
```
